
h1. huDjango 

huDjango contains a collection of small extensions th the [http://www.djangoproject.com/ Django Web framework] we use at HUDORA.

* auth.backends.!EmailBackend -     Authenticate against django.contrib.auth.models.User the same way Django does by default except that the users can use their E-Mail address instead of the username to authenticate.
* auth.backends.!ZimbraBackend - Authenticate against a Zimbra Server via LDAP. Users have to use their full E-Mail adress and Zimbra Passwort to log in. The Backend creates a new entry in the Django User Database if authentication against Zimbra is successfull but no matching E-Mail in Django adress is found.
* fields.scalingimagefield - images with automatic scaling 
* fields.defaulting - Django fields with more elaborate default values
* templatetags.hudjango - format_address tag for formating the AddressProtocol, html_euro, `html_cent`, `g2kg` and `link_object`  tags.
* PrinterChooser - selection of a printer which is stored in a cookie.
* serializers.queryset_to_xls - generate Excel/XLS file from a queryset.

h2. Download

You can get huDjango at the "Python Cheeseshop":http://pypi.python.org/pypi/huDjango/ or at "GitHub":http://github.com/hudora/huDjango.

h2. Changes 

 * 0.91: dedupingS3storage.DedupingS3storage.py dtores file in S3 merging duplicate files
 * 0.90: decorators.ajax_request(), New CouchDB stuff: CouchDBField and CouchDB template loader
 * 0.88: format_addressproto() now understands dicts 
 * 0.86: added serializers.queryset_to_xls, fixes for require_login and ZimbraBackend
 * 0.85: deUmlaut template filter
 * 0.84: format_addressproto,  more robust clienttracking, don't generate links for empty image IDs, fixed {% imageid ... urlonly %} templatetag
 * 0.83: hudjango.auth.decorators.require_login implements a bridge between Apache HTTP authentication and Django sessions
 * 0.82: Storage Modules, huImage
 * 0.78: hudjango.!PrinterChooser() functionality and respective template tags.
 * 0.77: Django 1.0 compatibility
 * 0.74: template tags / filters now work with Djangos new [http://www.djangoproject.com/documentation/templates/#autoescape autoescape] functionality. Needs Django version > r6844.
 * 0.73: Extracted templatetags from the internal MoftS codebase.
 * 0.72:  removed hudjango.fields.audit , support for Django Revision 7403.

h2. Alternatives

 * http://pypi.python.org/pypi/django-auth-ldap